your time bomb in city moved by
organized crime America's most dangerous
men began a war funky Johnson wants plan
is city with his blood war about power
think about your future not our demise
no I can't do that about money just
don't come cheap
maestro that a crookedest Brooks around
a war of wills as the shot insists on
coming uptown I'm no choice but to make
my presence felt
Downton between legends don't dig stir
every manner his I killed he kills one
of mine man wants to be successful in
this business he has to make alliances
about a line someone has to be ready to
die don't test me that should never have
been crossed you want to do this
peaceful oh you want to make a go you
don't back off killing myself you're
gonna shoot me this time if so you might
want to low that a little bit anyone
who's ever trying to figure on Direct
has not done well
they're all dead because they
underestimated United Artists Pictures
presents Laurence Fishburne Tim Roth
Vanessa Williams Cicely Tyson and Andy
Garcia as Lucky Luciano you've been
warned
get ready for your final threat in lower
angle on duty right hoodlum